gh-123832: Adjust `socket.getaddrinfo` docs for better POSIX compliance (#126182)
python/cpython: Doc/library/socket.rst

   :const:`AF_INET6`), and is meant to be passed to the :meth:`socket.connect`
   method.

   .. note::

      If you intend to use results from :func:`!getaddrinfo` to create a socket
      (rather than, for example, retrieve *canonname*),
      consider limiting the results by *type* (e.g. :data:`SOCK_STREAM` or
      :data:`SOCK_DGRAM`) and/or *proto* (e.g. :data:`IPPROTO_TCP` or
      :data:`IPPROTO_UDP`) that your application can handle.

      With default values of *family*, *type*, *proto* and/or *flags*,
      many systems will return a sorted list of all matching addresses,
      which should generally be tried in order until a connection succeeds

>       (possibly in parallel, for example using a `Happy Eyeballs`_ algorithm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      (possibly tried in parallel, for example, using a `Happy Eyeballs`_ algorithm).
```

Author: Thank you!

      In these cases, limiting the *type* and/or *proto* can help eliminate
      unsuccessful or unusable connecton attempts.

>       Some systems will, however, only return a single address.

Reviewer 2: If we know typical details for "many systems" and "some systems" we should include an possible example with each such as "(ex: most Linux configurations)" or "(ex: reported on Solaris and AIX configurations)".  I'm wording those non-concretely as well, but suggest adding it just to add some context for people looking into behaviors as to when they may encounter the unexpected.

not a big deal without this, just a nice to have.

Reviewer 3: For your reference from #123832, "many" are basically mainstream (Linux, macOS, FreeBSD) and "some" are Illumos / Solaris / AIX. I haven't had a chance to get my hands on anything more exotic recently (HP-UX and VMS come to mind...).

I would also prefer to be more specific, but I thought the details were left out to avoid "finger pointing".

>       With default values of *family*, *type*, *proto* and/or *flags*,
>       many systems will return a sorted list of all matching addresses,
>       which should generally be tried in order until a connection succeeds
>       (possibly tried in parallel, for example, using a `Happy Eyeballs`_ algorithm).
>       In these cases, limiting the *type* and/or *proto* can help eliminate
>       unsuccessful or unusable connecton attempts.
> 
>       Some systems will, however, only return a single address.
>       On these systems, limiting the *type* and/or *proto* helps ensure that
>       this address is usable.

Author: OK. With that in, I think it's best to add an extra paragraph to avoid putting too many thoughts in a single sentence.
```suggestion
      The behavior with default values of *family*, *type*, *proto*
      and *flags* is system-specific.
  
      Many systems (for example, most Linux configurations) will return a sorted
      list of all matching addresses.
      These addresses should generally be tried in order until a connection succeeds
      (possibly tried in parallel, for example, using a `Happy Eyeballs`_ algorithm).
      In these cases, limiting the *type* and/or *proto* can help eliminate
      unsuccessful or unusable connecton attempts.

      Some systems will, however, only return a single address.
      (For example, this was reported on Solaris and AIX configurations.)
      On these systems, limiting the *type* and/or *proto* helps ensure that
      this address is usable.
```

Reviewer 3: 👍
